# Trackr

<b>Do you suck at time management?</b>
<b>Do you like using past experiences and data to improve upon your workflow and better optimize your day?</b>
<b>Do you regularly wear metaphorical tin-foil hats all day and/or night?</b>


If you answered yes to at least one of those questions, Trackr from SDProductions may be for you. Data these days is important, and many people dislike having services online use their data to sell to advertisers or for malicious intent. But for something like a time management application, you'd be hard-pressed to find one that doesn't require you to sign up and agree to lengthy legal documents that say who-knows-what, not to mention interlinking web apps with their desktop ones.

Trackr aims to change that. After your download, Trackr does not initiate any more network connections outside of your local computer - this means that all the data you put in, stays there. It features an easy-to-learn and easy-to-use interface, allowing quick set-ups and minimal frustration. This means you can spend more time doing your work and less time screwing about with a hard-to-use time management program that's supposed to increase work efficiency.

Trackr's design is split into three main parts, the "Header" area for starting an activity, the "Activities" area for viewing a brief summary of each activities' most important information, and the "Expanded Info" area (minimized to maintain a compact footprint by default) to reveal more detailed information on a specific activity, such as start and end times, notes and tags, specific projects attributed to the activity, and more.

We are now in the beta phase of Trackr where the core idea of the application has already been implemented. From here, it's UI/UX changes, bug fixes, and minor features. An expanded version of Trackr featuring in-built data analysis and more information is being considered as well as modules for Trackr to expand functionality at the user's discretion. Please contact me with suggestions as they are much appreciated.

# Installation

Installing Trackr is quick and easy on any Windows machine. You have two methods of installation to choose from, the portable version (which does not require any administrator priviliges, and can easily be moved around), and the installer version which may require elevated priviliges.

You can find the releases of Trackr <a href="https://github.com/SDProductions/Trackr/releases">here</a>. Each release should have both the installer and portable version. Click the respective link to download the version you'd like. Both are functionally identical.

<b>Portable Version:</b>
Extract the .ZIP file downloaded. Inside, there should be a program called Trackr.exe. Run this, and you're golden!

<b>Installer:</b>
Extract the .ZIP file downloaded. Inside, there should be an exe file called setup.exe. Run this, and follow the prompts on the installer. The application should automatically launch afterwards. The application will get added as a program in Windows and it will find it when searching in the start menu.

<sup>Dear legal teams of other companies: If you suspect I've stolen some design choices from you, you're probably right! Deepest apologies. If this is of any trouble (All code was either generated by Visual Studio's WinForms designer or written by me), please get in touch!</sup>
